1. Program to check if a number is a positive, negative or zero.
2. Check if two integers are equal or not
3. Check if two floating point numbers are equal or not
4. Program to check if a number is odd or even
5. Program to Check Leap year
6. Read the age of a candidate end determine whether he/she is eligible for casting his/her own vote.
7. Program to accept the height of a person in centimeter and categorize the person according to therir height(tall, short or medium - assume threshold value).
8. Program to Find the Largest Among Three Numbers
9. Program to Find the Smallest Among Three Numbers
10. Find teh Largest among for numbers
11. Given three numbers, find the two numbers that are close to each other.
12. Given three numbers, find the two numbers that are farther from each other.
13. Program to Sort three integers.
14. Program to check whether a triangle can be formed by the given value for the three angles.
15. Program to accept a coordinate point in an XY coordinate system and determine in which quadrant the coordinate point lies.
16. Given a character, find if it is a vowel or a consonant.
17. Given the number of sides of a shape(3 side upto 10sides), return the name of that shape.
18. Output number of days in a month given the month name. Assume 28 days in Feburary.
19. Print he day of week(Monday,Tuesday,.....) given the day of month(1 to 31). Assume the month starts on a Monday.
20. Read the lengths of sides of a triangle and name the triangle.(Equilateral, iosceles and scalene).
21. Program to convert grade point to letter grades.(A=>90,B=>80,C=>60,D=>50,F<50).
22. What colour is that square, given the row as int(1-8) and column as char(a-h) in a chess board. Given 5,'a' the color is balck. 3,'d' the color is white.
23. Program to calculate the roots of Quadratice Equation given a, b and c.
24. Program to calculate profit or loss on a given transaction.
25. Menu-Driven Program to perform a siple calculation of addition, subtraction, multiplication, division and modulo division.
26. Write a program for Rock, Paper and Scissors Game. Just for a single round, Computer vs. User and declare the winner with proper reason.